{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Platform Shooter\
\
The intention is to make a platformer in which the player can also shoot. The player will face enemies throughout the different platforms. These enemies will deal different amounts of damage and have different amounts of health depending on the platform they are on. The player will be armed with a weapon which they can use to kill enemies. The aim of the game is to reach the bottom without being killed by a yakuza agent \
\
Players will use the \'91W\'92 key to jump, the \'91A\'92 key to move left, the \'91D\'92 key to move right and the space key to shoot. \
\
Different strength enemies will spawn on the various platforms and as the player progresses through the platforms the strength of the enemies will increase. The gun the player has will have a set damage to the yakuza agents so more bullets will be required to kill stronger aliens. There will be a timer in the top right of the screen which will measure the time taken for the player to complete all the platforms.\
\
Level 1 specs:\
\
Player spawns on left off the highest platform with the lowest worst gun in the game (3mm pistol).  There will be one yakuza agent on that platform that spawns on the other side of the platform. There will be a gap about 200px from the right side of the screen which the player can fall into to go down to the next platform. \
\
The player will now be on the right side of the second platform and two yakuza agents will be patrolling the platform. There will be a fire in the middle of the platform and a gap about 880px from the right side of the screen. On the other side there will be an improved weapon (Glock 19) available for the player to collect and use. \
\
\
\
}